lib: nrf_modem_lib: Fix socket option levels. (#11715)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown` function to allow the modem to be in flight mode (``CFUN=4``) when shutting down the modem.
    * The trace backends can now return ``-EAGAIN`` if the write operation can be retried.
    * Fixed a rare bug that caused a deadlock between two threads when one thread sent data while the other received a lot of data quickly.

>     * Aligned ``SO_IP_ECHO_REPLY``, ``SO_IPV6_ECHO_REPLY``, ``SO_TCP_SRV_SESSTIMEO`` and ``SO_SILENCE_ALL`` socket option levels with the modem option levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The ``SO_IP_ECHO_REPLY``, ``SO_IPV6_ECHO_REPLY``, ``SO_TCP_SRV_SESSTIMEO`` and ``SO_SILENCE_ALL`` socket option levels to align with the modem option levels.
```
Where possible, the "Updated" is meant be read as the start of the entries under it.
